- Make sure you have a recent 2.0.x kernel (I recommend AT LEAST 2.0.33!)
  or a recent 2.1.x kernel.
  Older kernels might lead to problems. 

- Do NOT compile videodev into your kernel!
  Use the module supplied with bttv.

- Edit "driver/Makefile":

  - If you do NOT have a Miro card:
    Adjust TUNER to a number between 0 and 7. 

    This number has the following meaning:

    0: Temic PAL tuner
    1: Philips PAL_I tuner
    2: Philips NTSC tuner
    3: Philips SECAM tuner
    4: no tuner
    5: Philips PAL tuner
    6: Temic NTSC tuner
    7: Temic PAL tuner
    8: Temic 4036 FY5 NTSC tuner

    The number corresponds to the number (-1) given at the GPIO port of the
    Bt848 on Miro cards.


  - Adjust CARD to one of the numbers below:

    0: Auto-Detect
    1: Miro
    2: Hauppauge
    3: STB
    4: Intel
    5: Diamond
    6: AVerMedia
    7: Matrix Vision MV-Delta
    8: Fly Video II
    9: TurboTV
   10: Newer Hauppage (Bt878)
   11: Miro PCTV Pro
   12: ADS Tech Channel Surfer TV (and maybe TV+FM)

  - You may have to adjust BTTV_MAJOR to a different number depending on your
    kernel version. The official number 81 does not work on some setups.
    But instead of changing it, better update to a newer kernel.

  - If you have a Bt848a or Bt849 on your board you might have to
    uncomment: -DUSE_PLL 

- do a "make" in the main directory.

If you have Hauppauge card read "README.HAUPPAUGE" before proceeding.

- type "make ins"

  This creates the bttv devices in /dev and installs the bttv module

  Look in the kernel log file (/var/adm/syslog or /var/log/kernel or something
  else depending on your /etc/syslogd.conf or just call "dmesg")
  and see what bttv reported (lines starting with "bttv:")
  If the installation failed and you send e-mail to me always include those
  lines! Dumps of the insmod output alone do not help at all.

- Start X11 in hi or true color mode 
  8 bit color is also supported but really ugly!
  (If you have an S3 card you might have to start X11 before installing
   the module!)

  If you have Motif or LessTif, "xtvscreen" in the "XTV" directory should
  have been compiled with the "make" above.
  Otherwise use the statically linked version which should be available 
  on the web site you got bttv from.
  Read the documentation in "XTV" and start xtvscreen.

- make applications by typing "make" in "apps"
   

