Changes for 1.1.21

o	Small bug fix in the apricot xen-ii driver code (Mark Evans)
o	DE600 changes + DE620 driver (Bj0rn Eckwall)
o	WWW error return bug fixed (Everyone!)
o	SLIP default address is now better
o	Small changes to PLIP (Niibe)
o	Added PF_UNSPEC	(Dominic Kubla)
o	TCP fastpath for receive.
o	Turbo charged tcp checksum routine (Arnt Gulbrandsen)
o	PPP locking bug fixes (Florian La Roche)

To Do

o	Include the HP onboard lance fixes.
o	Fix Unix domain sockets.
o	Fix the _SLOW_ TCP window calculation junk in tcp_data/tcp_ack.
o	Make the dev_add_proto() list hashed by protocol type.
o	Remove the call to dev->header_type - load it into the skbuff.
	instead to avoid the extra calls and cache misses.
o	Include new sk_buff skb_push() code and move toward using it.
o	Fix the PI driver so pi0a can be down when pi0b is up without getting
	crashes. Also fix the stuff to allow piconfig to set the parameters.
o	Make AX.25 set the packet type - certainly before it hits IP.
o	sk_buff building at the top level - pure kernel interfaces to the
	protocol layers
o	Clean up NFS, merge NFS/TCP code.
o	SIGIO
o	IP forwarding use of options properly (needs new sk_buff code)
o	Reroute TCP retransmits if needed (needs new sk_buffs)


Changes for 1.1.20

o	All read/write buffers are validated at the top level _only_
o	All address structures are moved to and from user mode at the top
	level. Thus you can now issue proto->bind(....) calls and related
	functions such as connect from another kernel task. All thats left
	to fix now is a kernel alloc_socket()/free_socket() and accompanying
	proto->make_kernel(socket)
o	Small fixes to address behaviour caused by the above
o	Max NFS size of 16K bytes
o	Added the apricot driver as a test (#'ed out in config.in)
o	Fixed a missing function definition in net_init.c
o	Added G4KLX ax25_router code
o	Added Niibe's PLIP driver and altered it to support timer
	configuration and IRQ/port setting. Added if_plip.h. Comments and
	feedback appreciated on this (both to Niibe and me).
o	Added AF_MAX/PF_MAX defines
o	Added a note that the DE600 driver also works for a noname 'PE1200'.
o	Network buffer statistics on shift-scroll_lock
o	Fixed a serious race in the device driver code. This was causing odd
	crashes with the Lance drivers, lockups with the ne2000 cards and
	a few other 'bad' goings on. All drivers are effected. See
	README.DEV if porting a driver to this revision.

	If you see entries in your 'free while locked' count, those would
	typically have crashed a pre 1.20 kernel.

o	TCP keeps the timers above 0.2sec round-trip time because of the use of
	delayed ACK's by BSD style kernels.
o	Fixed a small BSD error in the return from datagram socket
	recv/recvfrom() calls when data is truncated. BSD returns the true
	length of the message, Linux returned the amount copied which broke
	programs that did a MSG_PEEK with a small buffer and grew it if need
	be (some of the AV/RTP stuff notably).
o	Added TIOCINQ/OUTQ to AX.25 and IPX.
o	Added driver ioctl() calls to IPX.
o	Corrected the skb->len==0 in the tcp_data reset on shutdown to check
	skb->copied_seq.
o	IP options reflect onto SO_PRIORITY.
o	When a driver is downed its ARP entries are flushed. Should solve
	the occasional crash when taking out a modular driver.
o	Added Donald's multicast reception while promiscuous fix for the
	8390 drivers.
o	Potential ARP TCP-retransmit clear race fixed. Incredibly
	unlikely to occur but no doubt it will 8(.


Fixes added for 1.1.19

o	Unix domain bind error code.
o	skb->localroute starts cleared.
o	Compiles with networking disabled

Fixes added for 1.1.18

o	Dummy driver includes correctly.
o	PPP fixes from A.L.
o	ifslave fixes
o	Small error causing nfsd to coredump fixed by Linus.

Fixes added for 1.1.17

o	Charles Hedrick's fixes broken fragmentation totally. Mended.
o	Contributed 'dummy' device added. Apparently some slip people want it.
o	Tried to kill the memory problems with fragments by setting things
	up more carefully and guarding them.
o	Module fixes by Bj0rn.
o	PLIP fix by Tanabe.

Fixes added for 1.1.16

o	Charles Hedricks fixes to TCP.
o	Small fixes all over the place.

Fixes added for 1.1.15

o	Modular PLIP and 3c501 drivers. Now you -can- have multiple 3c501's
	(sort of).
o	Integrated new AX.25 - this will be ready for the big time in a few
	releases.

Fixes added for 1.1.14

o	Compiles properly on the whole 8)
o	Yet more Unix /proc protection.
o	Modular PLIP and 3c501 drivers. Now you -can- have multiple 3c501's
	(sort of).

This fixes the following from the 1.1.12 release (see the relevant files
for the credits to authors).

o	RARP compiles in properly
o	Using new Tytso TTY drivers
o	IP forwarding is configurable
o	PC/TCP support
o	AX.25 builds fine without SLIP driver (just PI)
o	MTU recognized in routing table (but only by TCP currently)
o	AX.25 PI driver merged into AX.25 code and kernel stubs
o	UNIX /proc trap hopefully fixed
o	DDI removed totally ready to use the PCMICA people's stuff
o	Unix domain lock/unlock now static (needlessly visible before)
o	Split net/inet/sock.c into generic and IP components
o	NFS client works correctly with 8K NFS
o	Non IP builds work correctly
o	Renamed inet_bh etc to net_bh to reflect true nature
o	TCP handling of poor routes much improved
o	TCP connect timing fixed
o	Incredibly unlikely SLIP memory leak removed
o	Loopback maintains IFF_LOOPBACK flag
o	Johnathon Naylor(G4KLX) AX.25 changes
o	Out of sync bug in lance driver fixed.
o	First cut at ethernet loadable modules
o	PCMICA people have ifmap stuff. Will extend this to other drivers.
o	New de600.c
o	Clean up of IP layer - sorted a lot of redundant and duplicated code
	out.
o	Removed all the old non working debugging junk from the kernel.
o	Removed all the devices the kernel used to use as a legacy from
	FvK's days writing the linux networking.
o	Greg Page's latest and greatest IPX fixes (including 802.2). Now
	I've got the stuff to write a free Netware client too and some
	volunteers to do it.
o	Fixed the 1.1.12 ARP fragment bug.
